ah
hello how about you guys in this video I'm going
to teach the best way with a lot
much difference to make pasta now
same in the gta iv I advise you to give it
cane before they leave because
same arrives at the 1.10 the
mansions and you have to have pasta for
buy it all
for this trick we're going to need a
bike my advice the bmx is the cheapest
800 dots are at fault a car of
the 1.09 update if you did not have
none is as simple as that
you buy the cheapest one and from there
you are doing enough to go buying
better cars and that you walk more
because for doing the trick once
let's have all things clear and ready
and ready we will take the car with the
that we are going to do the trick and we will leave
from the garage
once we are out of the garage we
let's lower the two of the car because
you will have to prepare a small trampita
to say it somehow then
imp that is going to stay
by helping out what he's going to do
is getting out of the car
come here where you see that I go I see
the marks that stay on the floor
skid those marks leave them always
the cars when they leave the garage
then the partner then go to help
what to do is that area fill it with c4
for when we go out with the
bike bust more
it has to be with c4 it is necessarily
because the pac has to go back
from inside the car if he were going to
kill from outside the car when
we were going out because with the bike
our car would disappear
automatically and reappear inside
of the garage that's why it's mandatory that
be c4 once everything is ready
Imp is stuck in the car with the
makes four bets waiting for me
I'll take the bike and I'll go out
outside when you are passing over
the cheating line that has made me
Imp what he will do is catch up
on and he warlike to fry asparagus
reappear we have quietly do not
missing go to play store or turn off the play
or make a thousand moves as they were
before it is simply reappear and
tell him hey talk speak come and pick me up
wherever the boy comes pick me up
quietly because I'm going to walk
It's already there and we're going to sell the
car, nothing to do
just go out with the bike that the
Bust colleagues and sell the car
solve or you do not have to go to play store
in want me to the story mode there is no need
walk around changing from
characters
once we get to the garage and sell
the car when leaving the garage what yes
what should be taken into account is that
we'll have to call the mechanic to
ask them to ask him to bring us closer
car if we went back to our
garage and we entered our garage
we could get to lose the vehicle what
what we have to do is just as
sell we restore outside the
garage we take out the mobile we call the
mechanic and we tell him to bring it to us
once the mechanic has brought us the
car we go back to the garage we left another
time with the bike and we repeat the
process for this trick or you have to
wait 45 minutes or need to be
turning off and on the platinum and the
online and that neither history nor change
character or that is bursting
vehicles simply a bike of 800
so guys for me with a lot
difference this is the best trick that
there is to take advantage of it now that it will arrive
1.10 before glosar chen to like
subscribe if you are not happy and
until next time